README.md, before:

# Bleeding Space
## badges are fun
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space)

[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space)

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/08b7532bf5e9db0c2515/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space/maintainability)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space?branch=master)

[![Cirr](https://img.shields.io/badge/cirr-yes-blue.svg)](http://cirri.al)

## what is game

An upcoming webgame from the dude who made Shark Game and then did nothing with his life for several years

## give money

<a href='https://ko-fi.com/8d18a4431921c03' target='_blank'><img height='36' style='border:0px;height:36px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi1.png?v=0' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' /></a>

Commit message:

fuck it i'll come back to all these automated deployment test coverage badge things later

README.md, after:

# Bleeding Space
## badges are fun
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space)

[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space)

[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/08b7532bf5e9db0c2515/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space/maintainability)

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/Cirrial/Bleeding-Space?branch=master)

[![Cirr](https://img.shields.io/badge/cirr-yes-blue.svg)](http://cirri.al)

## what is game

An upcoming webgame from the dude who made Shark Game and then did nothing with his life for several years.

## TODO:

- Finish setting up the coverage status thing
- Actually make a game prototype

## give money

<a href='https://ko-fi.com/8d18a4431921c03' target='_blank'><img height='36' style='border:0px;height:36px;' src='https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi1.png?v=0' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee at ko-fi.com' /></a>
